.TH RECPERMISSIONS 1 2018\-10\-30
.SH NAME

.B RecPermissions:
Change files and directories owner and permissions recursively.
.SH SYNOPSIS

RecPermissions usage: recpermissions [\-h] [\-\-version] [\-\-user USER] [\-\-group GROUP]
                      [\-\-files FILES] [\-\-directories DIRECTORIES]
                      [\-\-remove_empty_directories] absolute_path
.SH DESCRIPTION

.PP
This app has the following mandatory parameters:
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-user
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
User used to change files owner.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-group
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Group used to change files owner group.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-files
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
File permissions in octal to be used. 644 by default.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-directories
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Directory permissions in octal to be used. 755 by default.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-remove_emptydirs
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
When used in script, removes all empty dirs recursively from path.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B absolute_path
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
To avoid errors and wrong changes, path must be an absolute one.
.RE
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES

.PP
.RS
.B Basic Example
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
recpermissions /home/user/
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
This command will change user and group to current user and to current user main group. Files will have rw\-r\-\-r\-\- permisions and directories rwxr\-xr\-x permisions. If the script finds empty dirs it will NOT remove them:
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B Full Example
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
recpermissions \-\-user root \-\-group root \-\-files 640 \-\-directories 750 \-\-remove_emptydirs /home/user/
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
This command will change user and group to root user and group. Files will have rw\-r\-\-\-\-\- permisions and directories rwxr\-x\-\-\- permisions. If the script finds empty dirs it will remove them:
.RE
.RE
